AnnouncementsDonateICT Prayer TimesTorrance, CaliforniaFajr05:15 AMDhuhr01:00 PMAsr03:45 PMMaghrib08:15 PMIsha10:00 PMSunrise02:45 PMSunset05:09 AMPonder on the QuranPreviousSurah Al-Isra (17:23)And your Lord has decreed that you not worship except Him, and to parents, good treatment. Whether one or both of them reach old age [while] with you, say not to them [so much as], 'uff,' and do not repel them but speak to them a noble word.Surah Al-Fatihah (1:1-7)In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. Praise be to Allah, the Lord of all the worlds, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, Master of the Day of Judgment. You alone we worship, and You alone we ask for help. Guide us on the Straight Path, the path of those who have received Your grace; not the path of those who have brought down wrath upon themselves, nor of those who have gone astray.Surah Al-Baqarah (2:255)Allah! There is no deity except Him, the Ever-Living, the Sustainer of [all] existence. Neither drowsiness overtakes Him nor sleep. To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth. Who is it that can intercede with Him except by His permission? He knows what is before them and what will be after them, and they encompass not a thing of His knowledge except for what He wills. His Kursi extends over the heavens and the earth, and their preservation tires Him not. And He is the Most High, the Most Great.Show MoreSurah Al-Ikhlas (112:1-4)Say, 'He is Allah, [Who is] One, Allah, the Eternal Refuge. He neither begets nor is born, nor is there to Him any equivalent.'Surah Al-Asr (103:1-3)By time, indeed, mankind is in loss, except for those who have believed and done righteous deeds and advised each other to truth and advised each other to patience.Surah Al-Kahf (18:10)[Mention] when the youths retreated to the cave and said, 'Our Lord, grant us from Yourself mercy and prepare for us from our affair right guidance.'Surah Ar-Rahman (55:13)So which of the favors of your Lord would you deny?Surah An-Nisa (4:36)Worship Allah and associate nothing with Him, and to parents do good, and to relatives, orphans, the needy, the near neighbor, the neighbor farther away, the companion at your side, the traveler, and those whom your right hands possess. Indeed, Allah does not like those who are self-deluding and boastful.Surah Al-Hujurat (49:13)O mankind, indeed We have created you from male and female and made you peoples and tribes that you may know one another. Indeed, the most noble of you in the sight of Allah is the most righteous of you. Indeed, Allah is Knowing and Acquainted.Surah Al-Mumtahanah (60:8)Allah does not forbid you from those who do not fight you because of religion and do not expel you from your homes - from being righteous toward them and acting justly toward them. Indeed, Allah loves those who act justly.Surah Al-Isra (17:23)And your Lord has decreed that you not worship except Him, and to parents, good treatment. Whether one or both of them reach old age [while] with you, say not to them [so much as], 'uff,' and do not repel them but speak to them a noble word.Surah Al-Fatihah (1:1-7)In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. Praise be to Allah, the Lord of all the worlds, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, Master of the Day of Judgment. You alone we worship, and You alone we ask for help. Guide us on the Straight Path, the path of those who have received Your grace; not the path of those who have brought down wrath upon themselves, nor of those who have gone astray.Surah Al-Baqarah (2:255)Allah! There is no deity except Him, the Ever-Living, the Sustainer of [all] existence. Neither drowsiness overtakes Him nor sleep. To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth. Who is it that can intercede with Him except by His permission? He knows what is before them and what will be after them, and they encompass not a thing of His knowledge except for what He wills. His Kursi extends over the heavens and the earth, and their preservation tires Him not. And He is the Most High, the Most Great.Show MoreSurah Al-Ikhlas (112:1-4)Say, 'He is Allah, [Who is] One, Allah, the Eternal Refuge. He neither begets nor is born, nor is there to Him any equivalent.'Surah Al-Asr (103:1-3)By time, indeed, mankind is in loss, except for those who have believed and done righteous deeds and advised each other to truth and advised each other to patience.Surah Al-Kahf (18:10)[Mention] when the youths retreated to the cave and said, 'Our Lord, grant us from Yourself mercy and prepare for us from our affair right guidance.'Surah Ar-Rahman (55:13)So which of the favors of your Lord would you deny?Surah An-Nisa (4:36)Worship Allah and associate nothing with Him, and to parents do good, and to relatives, orphans, the needy, the near neighbor, the neighbor farther away, the companion at your side, the traveler, and those whom your right hands possess. Indeed, Allah does not like those who are self-deluding and boastful.Surah Al-Hujurat (49:13)O mankind, indeed We have created you from male and female and made you peoples and tribes that you may know one another. Indeed, the most noble of you in the sight of Allah is the most righteous of you. Indeed, Allah is Knowing and Acquainted.Surah Al-Mumtahanah (60:8)Allah does not forbid you from those who do not fight you because of religion and do not expel you from your homes - from being righteous toward them and acting justly toward them. Indeed, Allah loves those who act justly.Surah Al-Isra (17:23)And your Lord has decreed that you not worship except Him, and to parents, good treatment. Whether one or both of them reach old age [while] with you, say not to them [so much as], 'uff,' and do not repel them but speak to them a noble word.Next12345678910Announcements1Friday PrayerDate: 1.1.1970Friday Prayer!!Our ActivitesQuran LearningIslamic Center of Torrance provides regular Quran recitation and learning classes for people of all agesRead moreYouth ActivitiesICT has a strong community of young brothersRead moreAbout UsThe Islamic Center of Torrance, previously known as the Islamic Institute of Torrance was established with the puprose of providing a place of worship and education for those of the Islamic faith within the Torrance and surrounding areas.Meet Our Imam!Sheikh Ahmad UmarjiSheikh Ahmad Umarji is ...DonateThe example of those who spend their wealth in the way of Allah is like a seed [of grain] that sprouts seven ears; in every ear are a hundred grains. And Allah multiplies [His reward] for whom He wills. Allah is all-Encompassing and Knowing.Surah Al-Baqarah (2:261)Donate witheCheckDonations can be made by mail & check at:Islamic Institute of Torrance18103, Prairie Ave, Torrance, CA 90503Islamic FAQsHow does Islam view other religions?How can I strengthen my faith (Iman)?What is Taqwahow can i ask nauman abidi for marriageGot a pressing islamic question?Ask our Imam!Send Question PrivatelySendFollow Us© 2024, Islamic Center of Torrance, 18103 Prairie Ave, Torrance, CA 90504 | (310) 956-8006Made with حُب in Gardena