TEAI✖NewsGame FeaturesCharactersWorldCombat SystemProduction TeamGame SpecificationsEnglishFrançais ( bientôt disponible )EnglishOur fates entwine, embarking on a journey to find the gears that can change the world.Download (demo )Our Itch.io !GAME FEATURESEmbark on an epic action-adventure in TEAI, a bullet hell metroidvania!Explore a sprawling world scarred by conflict. Find hidden secrets.Upgrade and customize your build to execute flashy combos.Triumph in spectacular boss battles. Slash, dash, dodge, and shoot as mysteries unfold.CHARACTERSTEAIThe heroine of the story, TEAI is a self-proclaimed genius engineer who sets out on a journey with her companions to uncover the truth about Astral Cogs, in order to assist her father's research.CV：LynnSABLESable is a small demon from Tartarus who originally planned to go to the desolate capital of Ana Thema, but got lost and couldn't find his way there until he met TEAI, thus embarking on their journey together.CV：Natsumi FujiwaraCELIACelia is an intel-gathering angel from Valhalla who, after being impressed by TEAI's abilities, invited her to a partnership to accelerate the collection of intel regarding Astral Cogs. She sets out on this journey with the goal of furthering her own ambitions.CV：Yoko HikasaZEMAProfessor Zema is TEAI's adoptive father. An enthusiastic scientist, his passions include his research, inventing things, and small animals, especially rabbits. He splits his time between doting on TEAI and researching the mysterious Astral Cogs.CV：Tomokazu SugitaWORLDWelcome to Az, where our adventure begins. This sprawling continent is full of myth and magic, and is home to three main races: magic-wielding humans, animal-eared beastkin, and bio-mechanical hybrids called magitech.Az's unique blend of magical and technological advancements has shaped its long and storied past, from ancient civilizations to modern societies. However, conflicts between factions have scarred the land and its people. Despite this, the vast geography and diverse biomes of Az are teeming with life, both friendly and hostile.Situated across the continent are five major cities: The palatial city of Ana Thema has long been the seat of human power, while the beastkin toils in the industrial hub of Morose. Beyond them lies the frozen tundra of Snowveil, the towering spires of Valhalla in the sky, and the dark depths of Tartarus. Each place in Az has its own secrets, mysteries, and stories to tell.COMBAT SYSTEMTEAI's battle system is composed of elements such as melee combat, ranged attacks, dodging, bullet erasure, invincibility, BREAK, crowd control, combo ranks, expanding and upgrading gear, and customizing character build via sigil equipment.The protagonist TEAI excels in melee combat, utilizing smooth controls and feedback for fast striking. Her two floating orbitars are responsible for ranged attacks and can switch between different modes with unique features to support combat, protect TEAI, or cause massive bursts of damage.The combination of different sigils will also greatly affect the battle system, including strengthening, adding, and even changing existing abilities. Players can create their own play style by configuring sigils according to their preferences!PRODUCTION TEAMPercevalLancelotGalaadPercevalPerceval is the original concept creator, art director/lead artist, and writer for TEAI.She pitched the concept for TEAI and dreamed up the world and its characters with the sole intent of putting them in cool outfits and dramatic situations, before spending the next many years designing everything from portraits and sprites to backgrounds and monsters.When she wasn’t drawing, she was poring over the script, doing translation, or playtesting.Outside of the project, she has had extensive industry experience as a concept artist and illustrator, and spends her time collecting books while missing the days of early 2000’s Ragnarok Online and Neopets.LancelotLancelot is the producer, director, writer, and jack-of-all-trades for TEAI. Previously, he cooperated with Galaad during the development of Rabi-Ribi, providing many QoL improvements.For TEAI, he has extended this expertise in an effort to optimize the players' experience, while assuming a directorial role on behalf of CreSpirit.Additionally, he has had a hand in all parts of production, from story writing, animation supervision, boss designs, to making sure that the whole project proceeds smoothly.He is the glue that holds the team together. In addition to making games, he is also interested in drawing, creating personal art that has nothing to do with work during his off-duty time.GalaadGalaad is the gameplay designer and programmer for TEAI, whose love for bunnies is the reason why TEAI has bunny ears.His previous game Rabi-Ribi was met with critical acclaim and he now dedicates his time to creating even more cute bunny games.For TEAI, he designed just about every aspect of how the game plays, from player character movements to enemy behaviors, items and level designs, and of course, boss fights.Then he codes and tests them in the game. As you can see, he likes bunnies; real life ones or those of the fictional, humanoid persuasion.Perhaps every game he is involved with henceforth will feature bunnies... Only time will tell. Bunny bless.GAME SPECIFICATIONSGame Title：TEAIGame Genre：Action-adventure 2D platformer, MetroidvaniaSupported platforms：PCLanguage Support：English, French ( soon )Audio：English voiceoverNumber of Players：1Game Rating：ESRB10+, PEGI7Developers：Teai's squadSubscribe newsletterDerivative work agreementContact us©2023 Teai's squad All rights reserved.Designed byTeai squad<7/6~7/16 Playtest參加者募集×What follows is just some placeholder text for this modal dialog. Sipping on Rosé, Silver Lake
                        sun, coming up all lazy. It’s in the palm of your hand now baby. So we hit the boulevard. So
                        make a wish, I'll make it like your birthday everyday. Do you ever feel already buried deep six
                        feet under? It's time to bring out the big balloons. You could've been the greatest. Passport
                        stamps, she's cosmopolitan. Your kiss is cosmic, every move is magic.Subscribe newsletter×EmailSUBMITDerivative work agreement×Dive into the world of TEAI and let your imagination soar! We celebrate and encourage the incredible fan creativity inspired by the game, and have prepared some Q&A for details:Q: Can I depict the characters from TEAI in my own creations?A: Yes! We do not restrict any form of non-commercial fanworks and hope that when sharing your works online, you can be mindful of each platform's terms.Q: What about commercial activities?A: When creating fanworks of a commercial nature, we ask that creators adhere to the following rules:Please avoid using official materials to create products (including game assets, community stickers, etc.)Please avoid creating products that may be mistaken for official merchandise.For commercial collaborations, feel free to contact us!Q: Can I play TEAI on stream/create videos about TEAI?A：Yes!※ When streaming the game, please remember to enable "streamer mode" to avoid your video being affected by copyrighted music.Q: Can I use music from TEAI in my fanworks?A: Yes, but since some of the audio tracks were licensed, the copyright for those pieces belong to third-company parties (which is why streamer mode is an option), and may result in content ID warnings from those companies, which we have no control over.As long as your work does not involve registering the music as your own through the use of content ID or other automatic identification systems, then you are welcome to use TEAI's music in your own works.